Ctor-876 : Connectors 24.10 release (#3657)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/releases/release-notes.md

## 2024

### October

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="New connectors" label="New connectors">

> - [**Linux Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Linux with Centreon Monitoring Agent.
> - [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Windows with Centreon Monitoring Agent.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Linux Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Linux Centreon Monitoring Agent.
- [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent.
```

> <Tabs groupId="sync">
> <TabItem value="New connectors" label="New connectors">
> 
> - [**Linux Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Linux Centreon Monitoring Agent.
> - [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent.
> 
> </TabItem>
> <TabItem value="Enhancements" label="Enhancements">
> 
> - [**Ansible Tower**](../procedures/applications-ansible-tower.md) - Added `filter-time` option to jobs mode, redesigned from community contribution [PR 4990](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/4990).
> - [**Ansible Tower**](../procedures/applications-ansible-tower.md) - Added Host IP to the returned fields of host discovery.
> - [**Cisco Meraki Rest API**](../procedures/network-cisco-meraki-restapi.md) - Added Centreon user-agent key to Meraki API calls.
> - [**Cisco Standard**](../procedures/network-cisco-standard-snmp.md) -  Added `add-fc-fe-errors` option to interfaces mode.
> - [**CyberPower Systems PDU SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-pdu-cyberpower-snmp.md) - Added `phase-voltage` metric to load mode.
> - [**Linux SNMP v3**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmpv3.md) - Added an option `force-64bits-counters` to switch to 64bits counters for memory mode.
> - [**Linux SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmp.md) - Added an option `force-64bits-counters` to switch to 64bits counters for memory mode.
> - [**Rubrik Rest API**](../procedures/applications-rubrik-restapi.md) - Added hostmacro to show more login ways on the API.
> - [**WD NAS SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-storage-wd-nas-snmp.md) - Added support for ex4100 models in volumes, listvolumes and hardware modes, from community contributions ([PR 4805](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/4805), [PR 4806](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/4806) and [PR 4807](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/4807)).
> - [**Cisco WLC**](../procedures/network-cisco-wlc-snmp.md) - Added Host macros to AP host template.
> 
> </TabItem>
> <TabItem value="Fix" label="Fix">
> 
> - [**Cisco WLC**](../procedures/network-cisco-wlc-snmp.md) - Fixed host template used in the host discovery template mapper.
> - [**CyberPower Systems PDU SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-pdu-cyberpower-snmp.md) - Fixed power value in load mode (should not be multiplied by 10).
> - [**HPE Primera REST API**](../procedures/hardware-storage-hpe-primera-restapi.md) - Fixed header leading to API authentication issue from community feedback [PR 5183](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5183).
> - [**Linux NRPE4**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-nrpe4.md) - Fixed issue of not existing option `--output-fields` for some OS in systemd-journal mode (this option has been added in journalctl version 236 and doesn't work for older versions).
> - [**Linux SSH**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-ssh.md) - Fixed issue of not existing option `--output-fields` for some OS in systemd-journal mode (this option has been added in journalctl version 236 and doesn't work for older versions).
> - [**Linux Telegraf Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-telegraf-agent.md) - Fixed issue of not existing option `--output-fields` for some OS in systemd-journal mode (this option has been added in journalctl version 236 and doesn't work for older versions).
> - [**Rapid Recovery SNMP**](../procedures/applications-rapidrecovery-snmp.md) - Fixed commands typo for repository and agent modes.
> - [**Stormshield SNMP**](../procedures/network-stormshield-snmp.md) - Fixed issue on temperature value not used in hardware mode.
> - [**VMware vCenter**](../procedures/virtualization-vmware2-vcenter-generic.md) - Fixed latency unit on vsan-cluster-usage mode.
> 
> </TabItem>
> </Tabs>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="New connectors" label="New connectors">

- [**Linux Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Linux Centreon Monitoring Agent.
- [**Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - Initial release of Windows Centreon Monitoring Agent.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Enhancements" label="Enhancements">

- [**Ansible Tower**](../procedures/applications-ansible-tower.md) - Added `filter-time` option to **jobs** mode, redesigned from community contribution [PR 4990](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/4990).
- [**Ansible Tower**](../procedures/applications-ansible-tower.md) - The host discovery now returns a Host IP field.
- [**Cisco Meraki Rest API**](../procedures/network-cisco-meraki-restapi.md) - Added Centreon user-agent key to Meraki API calls.
- [**Cisco Standard**](../procedures/network-cisco-standard-snmp.md) -  Added `add-fc-fe-errors` option to **interfaces** mode.
- [**CyberPower Systems PDU SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-pdu-cyberpower-snmp.md) - Added `phase-voltage` metric to **load** mode.
- [**Linux SNMP v3**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmpv3.md) - Added an option `force-64bits-counters` to switch to 64-bit counters for **memory** mode.
- [**Linux SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmp.md) - Added an option `force-64bits-counters` to switch to 64-bit counters for **memory** mode.
- [**Rubrik Rest API**](../procedures/applications-rubrik-restapi.md) - Added a host macro to support several ways to authenticate to the API.
- [**WD NAS SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-storage-wd-nas-snmp.md) - Added support for ex4100 models in **volumes**, **listvolumes** and **hardware** modes, from community contributions ([PR 4805](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/4805), [PR 4806](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/4806) and [PR 4807](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/4807)).
- [**Cisco WLC**](../procedures/network-cisco-wlc-snmp.md) - Added host macros to the AP host template to make configuration easier.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Fix" label="Fix">

- [**Cisco WLC**](../procedures/network-cisco-wlc-snmp.md) - Fixed host template used in the host discovery template mapper.
- [**CyberPower Systems PDU SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-pdu-cyberpower-snmp.md) - Fixed power value in **load** mode (the value is no longer multiplied by 10).
- [**HPE Primera REST API**](../procedures/hardware-storage-hpe-primera-restapi.md) - Fixed header leading to API authentication issue, from community feedback [PR 5183](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5183).
- [**Linux NRPE4**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-nrpe4.md) - Added an `--output-fields` option for some OSs in the **systemd-journal** mode, when journalctl is in version 236 or higher.
- [**Linux SSH**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-ssh.md) - Added an `--output-fields` option for some OSs in the **systemd-journal** mode, when journalctl is in version 236 or higher.
- [**Linux Telegraf Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-telegraf-agent.md) - Added an `--output-fields` option for some OSs in the **systemd-journal** mode, when journalctl is in version 236 or higher.
- [**Rapid Recovery SNMP**](../procedures/applications-rapidrecovery-snmp.md) - Fixed in typo in commands for the **repository** and **agent** modes.
- [**Stormshield SNMP**](../procedures/network-stormshield-snmp.md) - The temperature value is now correctly used in the **hardware** mode.
- [**VMware vCenter**](../procedures/virtualization-vmware2-vcenter-generic.md) - Fixed the unit for the latency for the **vsan-cluster-usage** mode.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```
